and I'm going to introduce you to Galician veronica
a great Andalusian competitor who
technical reasons right now is in
alicante but an andalusian from cádiz
cavic abi good afternoon veronica good
afternoons
how about how happy are you happy
I go to the final we continue that nothing so
very well animated with your pass to the
late no longer class not very much the
truth is I did not know what was going to happen
because here this is a surprise but
when they told me I'm going to the final
Well, I'm getting on the walls
do not go up yet it ends
compete and then we climb those where
we need it and we celebrate it but of
moment you have to enjoy the final
try of course a top 3 and if you
you wear the top one of the championship
Well, I'm not going to say anything to you
we will do then it would be wonderful
I go up to give everything as
I always do what has to happen
You will go through some other non but never
it rains to taste of all this is a
very subjective sport we face
a panel of judges and verdicts to the
judges do not always like the public and
even the competitors but we
we are sure that you will be on top
and we are going to pray a little bit so they are
of your category
many thanks very much verónicas and much
shit as they say in the world of
show thank you
Miriam Sanchez everyone knows her
everyone who is involved in the world of
Bodybuilding knows her has been champion
well better that she tell us her
history and so we know a little
miriam more good afternoon how about you are
very well here interviewing all the
people related to our
Mundillo you how I found out that
has been doing the American adventure
explain not a little bit how the
adventure
I got the professional card this
It's my third competition as
professional
the truth that has been an experience
unforgettable unbelievable the previous two
that I have been able to travel and continue
knowing a little bit of the world out there
I have competed in dallas championships
dallas and I have also competed in
finland and now third you will make the 4th
I still do not know where you 're going but I'm sure
will be and within a little bit safe and with
you're looking forward to a lot
long season without competition and the truth
that then I have taken with a desire
tremendous so I'll be back and by far
more encourage much more energy and to follow
being there because I like it I love it
is the best thing sure that yes I know that
every time you climb climbs with a
puntito better looking looking for you what
asked by the judges working on behalf of
of that and I'm sure that in Spain it's
complicated to see you because the subject of
for the girls
at a professional level in Spain is a bit
complicated the least amateur class a
little but I do not see you competing in the
arnold class here I do not know what I'm going to
us because what is clear is that the
physical that you think you have in
Spain does not fit because you are already a
step above all
you want or you would not be more interested
the American adventure but living there
they have not offered you in the possibility of
live there yes the truth yes what
It happens that for work reasons we do not
we can go there in the future
maybe who knows what happens now
It can not be done but I would like to
much to our idea is to go there
or if it's not for living it would be a
long season to be able to do
a man because it's a bit complicated
be here at the same time there is more
difficult this is what has happened to
our friend raúl carrasco who has
had to be coming and going
for a long time and he is already
Posing the possibility of installing
as you well say during a season
six seven eight months there do a
name make yourself known and make come
here and be as well known maybe as one
of outsiders from the USA area
surely this is how it is a lot of advantage
in mind that there is one you have to travel
ok are you there any call
any photo session or any
you have everything
then you can prepare more at ease
do not you
it does not require an effort or economic
nor physical having to be traveling
then it is a huge advantage
Hopefully we can go there though
be a season and be able to prepare
well butt to come with a man
well big and miriam sanchez and demonstrate
what is worth Spain, thank you very much
we wish you the best from our
channel and I hope you like the
interview that we have done many
thank you congratulations for
your channel
and good luck to everyone and a huge kiss